docs: architecture with the DevWorkspace engine (#2125)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/con_architecture-overview.adoc

[id="assembly_architecture-overview_{context}"]
= Architecture overview

{prod-short} needs a workspace engine to manage the lifecycle of the workspaces.
Two workspace engines are available.
The choice of a workspace engine defines the architecture.

xref:administration-guide:architecture-overview-with-che-server.adoc[]::

{prod-short} server is the default workspace engine.
+
.High-level {prod-short} architecture with the {prod-short} server engine
image::administration-guide:architecture/{project-context}-architecture-with-che-server-engine.png[High-level {prod-short} architecture with the {prod-short} server engine]

xref:administration-guide:architecture-overview-with-devworkspace.adoc[]::

> The user manages {prod-short} workspaces as {prod-short} objects: {devworkspace} Custom Resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user manages {prod-short} workspaces as {prod-short} objects known as {devworkspace} Custom Resources.
```

{prod-short} controls the desired state of the workspaces.

> The {devworkspace} operator controls the running state of the workspaces.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DevWorkspace Operator is a new workspace engine.
```

+
.High-level {prod-short} architecture with the {devworkspace} operator
image::administration-guide:architecture/che-interacting-with-devworkspace.png[High-level {prod-short} architecture with the {devworkspace} operator]
+

> include::example$snip_using-devworkspace-warning.adoc[]

Reviewer 2: I would the warning above. At the beginning of the paragraph.

.Additional resources

* xref:administration-guide:architecture-overview-with-che-server.adoc[]
* xref:administration-guide:architecture-overview-with-devworkspace.adoc[]
* xref:installation-guide:enabling-dev-workspace-operator.adoc[]

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* https://github.com/devfile/devworkspace-operator[DevWorkspace Operator GitHub repository]

```
